# Knack Node Coding Exercise

## Problem:

### Remove Duplicates From Mock Knack Application Schema

Knack is a no-code platform that includes an online database. Knack users will at times, through unexpected API usage or an unknown bug, corrupt their application schemas. One common issue they may run into is having duplicate fields and/or objects in their application schema. These duplicates cannot be removed by the Knack UI and lead to TypeErrors and other problems.

The purpose of this coding exercise is to create a Node.js application that can programmatically remove all duplicate fields and objects from the given mock application schema and output a new sanitized version.

The "mock_application.json" file in this repository contains data which represents an actual Knack application schema including all currently existing properties. Your code should process the data, remove any duplicates, and output a new JSON file "clean_application.json" which retains all other properties of the Knack application.

Within a standard Knack application there is a `versions` property which has 2 collections:

1. `objects`: an array of Knack "objects" which contains "fields"
2. `scenes`: an array of Knack "scenes" which contains "views"

### Requirements

- The code should be written in Javascript or Typescript and utilize the Node.js framework
- We expect tests (unit tests on business logic, etc. - whatever you are comfortable with)
- We expect to see documentation in the form of a README
- We're looking for code that would be easy to maintain
- We're looking for code that would scale

### Time

We understand that you are busy and programming projects can take a long time. We advise spending 2 hours on the exercise and seeing where you get. If there are still open requirements at the end of the 2 hour period, feel free to outline what it would take to complete those in TODO comments inline in the code, or a list of notes on what you'd need to do finish things up. If you want to keep working and take things over the finish line, great.

### Notes

- Leveraging 3rd party libraries/modules is perfectly fine

### How to submit your solution

- Please send us a zip or a tar of the `node-coding-exercise-master` directory which should include your application

## Installation

- Install [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download).
- Run `npm install` to install dependencies. Make sure you are in the same directory as the `package.json` file.

## Usage

Run `npm run start` to build and execute the project. It will only run once and generate a new file in the assets/results/app folder called `clean_application.json`.

## Testing

Unit tests were created with Jest (installed as a dependency), to run the tests simply run `npm run test`. A coverage folder will be created at the root of the project containing an `index.html` file (located inside `coverage/lcov-report`) with detailed info about the tests.

## Project Structure

The following diagram is a representation of the project structure:

| Name             | Description                                                                       |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **assets**       | Stores all the files given by the problem                                         |
| **assets/mocks** | Stores all the mock files given by the problem                                    |
| **node_modules** | Contains all the npm packages                                                     |
| **results**      | Stores all the files generated by the program                                     |
| **results/app**  | Stores all the files generated by the program's main process                      |
| **results/test** | Stores all the files generated by the program's tests                             |
| **src**          | Contains the folders and files required for the proper functioning of the program |
| **src/app**      | Contains the files required for the main process and tests                        |
| **src/test**     | Contains the unit tests                                                           |
| index.js         | Entry point to be run and that solves the problem.                                |
| package.json     | Contains npm dependencies with versions, some minor info and scripts.             |
